SNOW-1794364: [API Coverage] DataFrame.colRegex (#2646)
snowflakedb/snowpark-python: CHANGELOG.md

#### New Features

- Added new methods in class `DataFrame`:

>   - `col_regex`: Find columns with provided regex.
> - Added support for property `version` and class method `get_active_session` for `Session` class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `col_regex`: Select columns that match with the provided regex.
- Added support for property `version` and class method `get_active_session` for `Session` class.
```
